A 45-year-old trader was killed in a road accident in Chodavaram area of Anakapalli district in Andhra pradesh. Two persons died after a lorry rammed into their car near Ramakrishnapuram in 
sattenapalli of Palnadu district in Andhra pradesh.
Two contract workers  died after cables of a lift snapped at Dr Narla Tatarao Thermal Power station at Ibrahimpatnam in Vijayawada of Andhra pradesh.  In a tragic road accident, a 
lorry ran over the labourers at Mandadi in Amadalavalasa Mandal of Andhra Pradesh's Srikakulam district killing three people on the spot.
Five of a family were killed in a six-vehicle pileup on the Trichy-Chennai National Highway in Tamil Nadu's Cuddalore district early Tuesday, police said. Eight devotees were killed and two persons 
including a nine-year-old boy injured in Tamil Nadu's Theni district after a car carrying devotees plunged into a 40-feet-deep pit, officials said.Two women software professionals died along 
Chennai's IT corridor after a speeding Honda City car hit them while they were crossing a road near Navalur around 11:30 pm on Wednesday after work. The incident took place on Tuesday evening, 
when a private bus coming from Edappadi collided with another coming from Thiruchengode, reports said.
Five youths were killed in an accident after the car in which they were travelling in collided with a lorry near Ambalapuzha in Alappuzha district in the early hours of Monday. Kerala Home 
Secretary V Venu, his wife Sarada Muraleedharan, who is the Additional Chief Secretary, their son and some relatives who were travelling with them, were injured when their car collided head-on
 with a truck at Kayamkulam in Alappuzha on Monday. Christmas day was marred with reports of four youths' deaths in two separate accidents in Kollam and Kozhikode districts in the wee hours of
 Sunday. Nine people, including five students, were killed in a collision between a private tourist bus and a Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) bus at Vadakkenchery in Palakkad
 district, police said on Thursday.
A biker was killed in an accident involving a police vehicle trailing the Karnataka home minister's convoy in Hassan district last night. The bus overturned at Vakkodi near Tumari in Sagar 
Taluk of Karnataka's Shivamogga district around 9 am .  Two persons were killed and scores of students were injured in a collision involving a college bus and a truck at Athani in the district 
on Saturday, police said. Five members of a family, including four women, were killed while four others injured when the car they were travelling in collided with a truck in 
Kukanur in Karnataka, police said.
Two girls aged 8 and 11 died after iron pipes carried atop an SUV struck a Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) bus in Yavatmal district on Wednesday, police said. Four persons were killed
 and another was injured when their car crashed into a towing van in Maharashtra's Nashik district on Wednesday afternoon, police said. Three persons were killed and one injured after the car they were 
travelling in veered off the road and flipped over three times in Maharashtra's Pune district in the early hours of Friday, an official said. Four persons were killed when their car collided 
with a bus on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway in Maharashtra's Palghar district on Tuesday, police . 
Three persons died after granite stones being transported on a lorry fell off the vehicle onto a moving auto-rickshaw in Kuravi village in Telangana, police said on Sunday. Two people, including 
the driver, died and two suffered injuries in a road accident after a vehicle carrying five members of a family rammed into a divider in Telangana's Nalgonda, officials said on Friday. 
Eight people, including six women, died and 20 others were injured in a collision involving a lorry and a mini truck in Telangana's Kamareddy districton Sunday evening. Three people, who were
 trapped following an accident in a mine of the state-run Singareni Collieries in Peddapalli district of Telangana, were found dead, the organisation said on Wednesday.
Three youths died in a car accident in Mapusa in North Goa on early Sunday morning. Goa Chief Minister Pramod Sawant today played Good Samaritan by attending to an accident victim 
who was lying on the road at Khandepar near Ponda town, 35 km from the city, an official said.
Six people including four women were killed and eight injured after a jeep rammed into a stationary truck from behind in Gujarat's Patan district today afternoon, police said. A court in Morbi on 
Saturday rejected the bail applications of seven people arrested in connection with the collapse of a suspension bridge in Morbi town of Gujarat, in which 135 people were killed.  A team of experts from 
the National Forensic Science University (NFSU) in Gujarat's Gandhinagar today visited the national capital's Sultanpuri as part of the ongoing investigation into the Kanjhawala hit-and-drag case, 
the Delhi Police said. Forensic experts from Gujarat will be visiting Sultanpuri to collect evidence and samples in the car accident which took place in outer Delhi's Kanjhawala on December 31,
 police said today.
At least 25 persons were injured, two of them seriously, when the Gujarat-bound bus they were travelling in overturned after falling off a culvert in Ujjain district of Madhya Pradesh, a senior
 official said on Sunday. The operations are still underway to rescue Lokesh, the eight-year-old who fell into 60-feet deep borewell on Tuesday at Kher Khedi village of Madhya Pradesh's Vidisha district, 
said officials. Three trawler trucks collided in Madhya Pradesh's Dhar district on Saturday, killing two drivers and injuring at least one other. The accident took place on the hilly Mumbai-Agra 
four-lane highway. Three persons were killed and nearly 50 others injured on Thursday when a packed bus carrying members of a wedding party collided with a tree in Madhya Pradesh's Singrauli
 district, police said.
Eleven people, including four children, were killed when a pick-up van they were travelling in collided with a truck in Chhattisgarh's Balodabazar-Bhatapara district, police said on Friday. Four persons,
 including a woman and her son, were killed after the car they were travelling in collided with a truck in Chhattisgarh's Balod district, police said on Wednesday. Four members of a family were 
killed and six others were injured after their car rammed into a tree in Jashpur district in Chhattisgarh, a police official said today. As many as four people died, and one minor girl survived
 after a car lost control and fell into a quarry in Sarangarh-Bilaigarh district of Chhattisgarh.
Five people, including two women and a child, were crushed to death by a speeding truck in Jharkhand's Ramgarh district on Wednesday, while two others suffered serious injuries, a police officer 
said. Four people were killed and 25 others injured when the bus they were travelling in overturned in Hazaribag district of jharkhand, a senior police officer said. Ramdeo Pujhar, 22, was among those 
Paharia tribals who rescued eight tourists from two cable cars following an accident on a ropeway in Trikut hills in Jharkhand's Deoghar district.
The three men were on their way to attend a birthday party in Varanasi. The crash took place on the Arrah-Mohania road in western Bihar. Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla on Monday condoled the loss of
 lives in a road accident in Jalalgarh in which a truck overturned. Raghvendra Kumar, a resident of Madhubani in Bihar, sold his ancestral land so that he could distribute over 
50,000 helmets among those who ride two wheelers without the protective gear. Five relatives of actor Sushant Singh Rajput have died in an accident in Bihar. The accident took place on the 
Sikandra-Sheikhpura road when the victims were on their way to Jamui from Patna.
At least 20 people were injured after a bus in which they were travelling overturned in Odisha's Mayurbhanj district today, police said. At least three people, including a class 10 student, drowned 
in different places in Odisha's Ganjam district in the last two days while taking a holy dip on the occasion of Kartik Purnima. A trainee pilot Navlakh was injured when the aircraft he was flying
 nose-dived at Birasal Airstrip in Odisha's Dhenkanal district during take-off on Monday, police said. At least 22 people, including seven police personnel, were injured when suspended BJD MLA
 Prasant Jagdev's vehicle allegedly ran over them at Banapur in Khurda district, police said.
In a tragic accident, as many as three people were killed and three seriously injured after an ambulance and truck collided near Jalpaiguri district of west bengal last night. Wreaths will be laid 
at a solemn ceremony to be held in West Bengal's Bagdogra on Saturday for the 16 Army personnel who died in a tragic road accident at Zema in North Sikkim, the Army said. Three people were killed 
and several others were injured in a head-on collision between a bus and a truck in West Bengal's Howrah district late on Thursday evening, police said. Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said
 he was extremely pained by the loss of lives in the accident in West Bengal's Nadia district and wished speedy recovery to the injured.
Meghalaya power minister James K Sangma's convoy met with a road accident in Assam this morning while on its way to Shillong from Manipur. At least ten people died and eight others were badly 
injured in a road accident at Demow in Upper Assam's Sivasagar district on Monday morning, police said. Five people were killed and 13 others injured when a maxi van carrying wedding guests dashed
 against a stationary truck in Assam's Dhubri district on Saturday, the police said. 12 people were killed in Assams Golaghat district this morning after their vehicle collided with a stranded
 truck.
More than three weeks after an illegal coal pit in Meghalaya's East Jaintia district was flooded trapping five miners, rescuers on Friday fished out another body from the 152-metre-deep mine,
 an official said. Meghalaya power minister James K Sangma's convoy met with a road accident in Assam this morning while on its way to Shillong from Manipur. The man, who was arrested in connection
 with the mine mishap in Meghalaya's East Jaintia Hills district a fortnight ago, has admitted that he was the owner of the 370-foot-deep illegal quarry, police said Sunday. At least 16 people were
 killed on Sunday when a truck they were in rammed into the concrete barricade of a road in Meghalaya's West Khasi Hills district, police said. More than 50 people were critically injured in the 
accident in Jdohkroh village, 11 km from Nongstoin, the district headquarters of West Khasi Hills.
A 60-year-old woman died on the spot and another elderly woman sustained injuries Thursday when an Army truck hit them in Imphal East district, police said. A bus met with an accident early morning
 today leaving at least 10 dead and 25 others wounded in Manipur's Senapati district, confirmed a senior police official.Twelve people were killed and 19 others injured when a bus fell into a deep 
gorge near Layee bridge in Nagaland's Phek District.
One polling personnel was killed and 12 others were injured when the vehicle in which they were travelling met with an accident near Thillong bridge in Doyang. The Commissioner of Police reported
 an accident in the Kukidolong area  of nagaland where five people were killed and three others seriously injured when a taxi carrying them was hit by a truck.

Risking two lives was worth saving 2,000, that's what Tripura's "hero" had thought when he sat with his daughter on the tracks waiting for the train. On June 15, when Swapan Debbarma and Somati
 saw that huge landslides following heavy rains had affected around a kilometre of the tracks, they decided to do something. At least 13 Tripura State Rifles (TSR) personnel have sustained serious 
injuries when a bus carrying them fell into a gorge at Bankumari area in Baramura hill range, about 35 km from Agartala, a senior police officer said today. Three activists of the ruling CPI(M)
 were killed and 32 others injured when a mini truck overturned at Kalajhara, a tribal hamlet in South Tripura district, about 100 kilometres from Agartala, police sources said on Thursday.
At least 11 people, including six women, were killed and 19 injured when the bus they were travelling in fell into a 500-metre-deep gorge in Mizoram's Lunglei district today, police said. Two persons
 were killed and eight others injured when a maxi-cab they were travelling met with an accident near Chamring village in Aizawl district on Wednesday, police said in Aizawl on Wednesday. The district 
and sessions court of Khowai on Friday awarded life imprisonment to a 26-year-old youth for killing his mother on February 16 last year after a brief quarrel over visiting a Saraswati Puja pandal on a
 motorbike with his friends in Paschim Chebri area.
Four women were killed and 15 others injured, nine of them critically, after a pickup van ferrying them skidded off the road and fell into a gorge in Arunachal Pradesh's Kra Daadi district, police
 said on Monday. A three-year-old child named Avin kchu died and seven others seriously injured when a steel Bailey bridge in Arunachal's Anjaw district collapsed under the weight of a 12-wheeler
 truck.
Sixteen Army personnel including three Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs) were killed in a road accident at Zema in north sikkim on friday. Two tourists, including a girl, from Kolkata and a car
 died around 1:45pm on Tuesday after the vehicle fell into a died around 1:45pm on Tuesday after the vehicle fell into a gorge at Keew khola near lingtam in east sikkim.
A woman was killed and another was seriously injured after they jumped from a moving jeep in Garhiya railway crossing Rasra police station area in Uttar Pradesh's Balia, police said on Saturday.
In another hit-and-drag case, a six-year-old child was killed after being dragged under a truck for over two kilometres in Uttar Pradesh's Mahoba. Another person, Satvik's grandfather, was also
 killed in the accident. A couple were killed and their children injured when a truck hit the bike they were travelling on near Maniyarpur in the Lambhua area in Uttar Pradesh's Sultanpur on
 Monday, police said. A car lost control and hit a line of vehicles behind Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav's convoy in Uttar Pradesh's Hardoi district, the police said.
Four people were killed and one was injured when the car they were travelling in fell into a gorge along the Amori-Khatoli highway in Champawat district, police said on Monday. Union Home Minister
 Amit Shah on Sunday expressed grief at the accident in which 25 people were killed when a bus carrying 28 pilgrims from Panna district in Madhya Pradesh fell into a gorge near Damta in Uttarkashi district.
Eleven people were killed and three injured as a passenger vehicle fell into a deep gorge in Uttarakhand's Chamoli district on Friday, police said.
A 22-year-old youth, who was married just a week ago to a Ghaziabad-based girl, was killed in a road accident when the bike he was on was hit allegedly by a speeding car on Dadabari Road here,
 police said on Thursday. Three men were killed in two separate road accidents in Rajasthan's Sikar district, police said today.Six people were killed and over 20 injured in a road accident in 
Rajasthan's Pali district on Friday night, police said. A 30-year-old constable was killed and a head constable injured in Rajasthan's Baran district on Saturday after a truck crashed into the 
police van when they were engaged in clearing the road after an accident.
Two bike-borne men are feared drowned after they fell into a canal in southeast Delhi's Badarpur area, police said on Monday. Search operations are on to trace Rahul (32) and Hemender Singh (30),
 both residents of Badarpur, they said. Scooter rider Pulkit Chawla, a resident of Hari Nagar, got injured in the incident and was taken to Deen Dayal Upadyay hospital where doctors declared him
 dead, Deputy Commissioner of Police (west) Ghanshyam Bansal said. The deceased youngsters have been identified as Vansh Sharma, 23, a 3rd year BTech student, and Monu, 20, a salesman. Both of them
 hailed from Kanti Nagar Extension, Delhi.
Punjabi actor-turned-activist Deep Sidhu died Tuesday evening in a road accident in Haryana's Sonipat district. In a horrific accident, a 65-year-old man operating a saw machine at a timber
 workshop on railway road died in Punjab's Phagwara when his head got chopped by its blade, said police. Ten passengers from Punjab were killed after a private bus they were travelling in skid off
 the road and fell into a gorge in Himachal Pradesh's Kangra district on Thursday, police said.
The family of a 22-year-old youth has accused cow vigilantes of thrashing him to death after branding him a cow smuggler in Nuh  of Haryana,but police said he died in a road accident. Anil Vij, BJP MLA from Ambala, 
was unhurt after a truck hit his escort vehicle which then rammed into his car from behind on KMP Expressway near Delhi. A vehicle in the convoy of Haryana Deputy Chief Minister Dushyant Chautala 
met with an accident in Dhandhoor village due to heavy fog while headed to Sirsa from Hisar, official sources confirmed.

Sixteen tourists were injured after a private bus they were travelling in overturned on the outskirts of Himachal Pradesh's Bilaspur city on Friday, police said on Friday. Two men were charred to
 death while another suffered serious injuries after their car fell into a 50-metre-deep gorge in Himachal Pradesh's Mandi district and caught fire, police said. Three students of the Indian
 Institute of Technology (IIT) Varanasi were among 10 tourists killed as a tempo traveller fell into a gorge in Himachal Pradesh's Kullu district, officials said on Monday. A total of five people 
died as their car overturned after ramming into a pole in Himachal Pradesh's Una district, said police.
In a tragic road accident on Friday, five persons were killed and 15 others were seriously injured at the Dhanu Parole village in Jammu and Kashmir's Billawar. A person was killed and 67 others 
were injured on Monday when an overloaded private bus turned turtle in Udhampur district of Jammu and Kashmir, officials said. Two people were killed and 19 others injured when a bus carrying 
pilgrims to Shiv Khori temple skidded off the road and plunged into a gorge in Reasi district here on Sunday, officials said. Three people including a 13-year-old girl were killed and 17 others 
were injured after two buses collided in the Samba district of Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday evening.










 


